	DifferenceFinder is designed to test xrate by comparing an ancestral
reconstruction to the "actual" sequences generated by Generator. It does this
by loading each line of the xrate output and the Generator output into an array
of strings. For the generator output, each string contains the node label, a 
number of spaces and then the sequence generated at that node. The label is 
assumed to be all characters before the first ' ' and the sequence is assumed
to be all characters after the last space. Parse the xrate output is somewhat
more difficult since some of the lines must be ignored. Difference finder assumes
the node label to be all characters before the first space in line 3*i+4 and the
reconstructed sequence to be all characters after the last space in the next
line.
	Since generator lists the nodes in depth first order and xrate lists them
according to height, DifferenceFinder matches the node labels from xrate to the
label from generator, giving a permutation that tells the program which pairs of
sequences it should compare. Difference finder then goes through each node
comparing the xrate sequence to the generator sequences. If a difference is found
the location and nature of that difference is reported and a running count of
true/false positives/negatives is kept at each node. When comparing 'e' or 'i'
to 'x', 'x' is considered a negative and 'e' and 'i' are considered positivies.
When 'e' and 'i' are compared, 'e' is considered a positive and 'i' is considered
a negative. Any node label containing a number is considered to be an evidence
node and is skipped.
	Finally, difference finder adds a line to the file "errors" with
information specified in command line options. Including -i will cause
DifferenceFinder to compare each sequence to the root sequence and output the
fraction of letters that identical to the root sequence. -l will output the
length of the sequence. -r will output totals for TP, TN, FP, and FN. -mcc will
output the Matthews correllation constant. The order is always fraction identity,
length, TP, TN, FP, FN, mcc.